( moaning )
WOMAN:
Am I doing
it right?
You don't have to be
quite so gentle.
( sighing )
Tell me again.
Tell you about what?
About the stem bolts.
I have 100 gross of
self-sealing stem bolts
sitting in Cargo Bay 11.
And they're all mine?
For only ten bars
of gold-pressed latinum.
Quark, you don't know
how much this means to me.
You don't know how much
this means to me.
With those stem bolts
my family will be able
to triple production
of our reverse-ratcheting
routing planers.
Glad to be of help.
Oh, Quark, I can't wait
any longer.
Why don't you and I go down
to Cargo Bay 11 and...
sign the contract?
( both laugh )
No need to rush.
Your family's ship won't
be here for a week.
We'll have plenty of time
to finalize the deal
before then.
That's an unusual attitude
for a Ferengi.
I'm a very unusual Ferengi.
( door chimes )
That must be the Saurian brandy
I ordered.
Enter.
QUARK:
Rom, where's
my brandy?
Forget the brandy, Brother.
You must leave
here immediately.
for the female as well.
And that goes
Is something wrong?
There's nothing wrong.
Have you lost your mind?
She's willing, she's wealthy
and she wants to buy
our stem bolts.
It's going to have to wait.
Something important
has come up.
Right now, nothing is more
important than this.
( thump )
Grand Nagus Zek.
As big as life.
Go, go!
What does Zek
want with me?
Looks like he's moving
in with you, Brother.
Oh....
Sisko to Bashir.
This is Bashir.
to the Wardroom immediately.
Doctor, please report
On my way.
( people cheering )
What's this?
Champagne.
Congratulations, Doctor.
SISKO:
Well, thank you.
Now, will someone
please tell me
what's going on?
The Federation Medical
Council has announced
the nominees for this year's
Carrington Award.
And the nominees are...
Dr. April Wade of the
University of Nairobi,
Healer Senva of the
Vulcan Medical Institute,
Dr. Henri Roget of
the Central Hospital
of Altair IV,
Chirurgeon Ghee
P'Trell of Andoria
and Dr. Julian Bashir,
Chief Medical Officer
of Starbase Deep Space 9.
( all cheer )
There must be some mistake.
Good luck.
As far as I know,
my name wasn't even
up for consideration.
Oh, it was up for
consideration.
I submitted it myself
through an old friend
of Curzon's.
You deserve the nomination,
Doctor.
on biomolecular replication
Your work
and groundbreaking.
was both audacious
According to Dax, anyway.
who understands it.
She's the only one
So how does it
feel to be
the youngest nominee
in the history
of the Carrington Award?
It feels... good.
Excuse me.
I've got to finish some work.
What exactly is it
you want me to say?
I want you to say that you
are thrilled beyond belief
to be nominated
for the Federation's most
prestigious medical award.
Well, believe me,
I'm honored to have
been nominated.
Well, you're not
acting like it.
It's just that I
don't want everyone
to make a big
deal out of it.
It is a big deal.
We're all proud of you.
I'm glad,
but before you agonize
over the next few days
over the board's decision,
I want to assure you that
I'm not going to win.
You don't know that.
The work you've been doing
deserves to be recognized.
But this isn't about my work.
Do you know what the
average life expectancy
of a Carrington Award
winner is? Five years.
Ten at the very best--
and do you know why?
Because the Carrington
Award is intended to be
the crowning achievement
for a lifetime in medicine.
April Wade is 106.
The last time
she was nominated,
three years ago,
people said
it was premature.
You're exaggerating.
Maybe... a little.
But the undeniable truth
is I am way too young
to be a serious contender
for the Carrington.
Now, put my name up for
nomination in 70 years
and I promise you,
I will get very excited.
But until then, I don't plan
on giving it much thought.
That's a very
mature attitude.
You sound surprised.
I'm actually astonished,
but impressed.
So then we don't
have to dwell on it
for the next three days?
I won't
mention it again.
I appreciate that, Jadzia.
So who do you think's going
to win-- Wade or P'Trell?
( exasperated sigh )
A cup of millipede juice,
hold the shells.
Rom!
Rom! Rom!
Did you call me, Brother?
Would it be too much trouble
for you to put
these empty bottles
in the replicator?
Keeping my quarter's clean
is Nog's job.
Except Nog is on the homeworld
visiting his grandmother.
Then cleaning
will just have to wait
until he gets back.
No, it won't!
Until the Nagus gives me
back my own quarters,
this is my home, too,
and I have had enough
of this mess.
I won't.
Clean it up now.
Yes, you will.
It's bad enough
I've had to put up
with your constant
teeth-grinding every night
and your incessant
ear-picking,
but I will not tolerate
living like some...
some Pakled refuse
merchant for another...
Wait a minute.
This is a bottle
of Aldebaran whiskey.
Let me, Brother.
I recognize this label.
This is from
my private stock.
No, it's not.
It most certainly is.
Wait a minute.
What's that over there, hmm?
Trixian bubble juice?
Nog's favorite.
This came from my
stockroom, didn't it?
Are you accusing my son
of being a thief?
No. I'm accusing you
of being a thief.
These table linens...
this chair...
that table--
everything in here
comes from my bar.
Not everything.
When you're done
cleaning up,
I'm going to conduct
a complete inventory
and find out exactly what
you've stolen from me.
Now, get to work.
No. I refuse.
I work for you all day, Brother,
but here, I'm the boss.
If you want this place
cleaned up, do it yourself.
What I want is
my own quarters back.
That makes two of us.
Living with you
was bad enough
when we were children.
What do I do?
You... think.
What do you mean, I "think"?
You stay up late every night
plotting and scheming.
And when you think,
you mumble.
And if there's anything
I can't stand,
it's listening
to you mumble.
That does it.
I have been accommodating
long enough.
If the Nagus wants
to stay on the station,
he's going to have to find
someplace else to live.
Are you sure
this is a good idea?
No one's seen the Nagus
since he got here.
He must be working
on something important.
If you disturb him,
he might get very angry.
I'm not going
to disturb him.
You are.
Me? Why not you?
Zek likes me,
so I can't afford
to get on his bad side.
On the other hand,
he barely acknowledges
your existence.
So, you have
nothing to lose.
Now, get in there
and tell the Nagus
he'll have to leave.
And whatever happens,
don't let Maihar'du
intimidate you, hmm?
Where are you going?
Don't worry. If you need me,
I'll be close by.
Rom!
What can I do
for you, my boy?
Grand Nagus, forgive me
for disturbing you.
Who's disturbed?
I've been hoping
someone would drop by.
Now, come right in.
Why, thank you.
We'd be delighted.
lurking around here someplace.
Quark, I knew you'd be
( both laugh )
standing out here for?
Well, what are we
I've got something
very exciting
to show you both.
What happened
to my furniture?
It was getting in the way
I got rid of it.
of my work.
And what work was
that, Grand Nagus?
If I may be so bold?
I'm glad you asked.
Maihar'du!
The book.
You are about to read the
shining triumph of my life,
always be remembered for.
the one thing I'll
May I?
By all means.
"The Rules
of Acquisition,
revised for the
modern Ferengi."
You rewrote the Rules
of Acquisition?
I hope you like them.
Absorb...
enjoy.
Rom, do you know
what this means?
Yes, it means we're going
to have to memorize
a whole new set of Rules.
No, you idiot.
It means we'll be
the first Ferengi
to benefit
from Zek's wisdom.
The knowledge
contained in this book
could make us both rich
beyond our wildest dreams.
I'll be able to go into
business for myself?
Mm-hmm.
Turn the page, Brother,
turn the page.
The First Rule of
Acquisition is...
Go on.
"If they want
their money back...
Yes, yes.
...give it to them."
"If they want
their money back...
give it to them"?
( sniffling and sobbing )
"Rule Number 21: Never place
profit before friendship."
( groans )
"Rule Number 22:
Latinum tarnishes
but family is forever."
( hisses )
"Rule 23:
Money can never
replace dignity."
Oh, skip to the end!
Well, what is it?
Oh, you're not going
to like it, Brother.
I can take it.
Tell me.
"Rule Number 285:
"A good deed
is its own reward."
( gasping )
Brother, are you all right?
I... I... I just
have to sit down.
No, take it away!
Sorry.
Got to think.
There has to be
some explanation
for why he's doing this.
or reason
Maybe we should ask him.
No. Don't you see?
He's testing us.
Yes, that must be it.
It's some kind of test.
The book. The book.
You want to hear more?
No, but it must be
some kind of code.
Read me the first word
of every Rule.
"If... never... keep...
"profit... a...
good... smile...
honesty."
Enough! If never keep profit,
a good smile, honesty.
What does it mean,
Brother?
It means
absolutely nothing.
Maybe if we hold
the pages
up to the light.
No, no. Uh...
( sniffing )
Ooh!
Ahh! Ahh!
Mmm... mmm...
No, that's not it.
The answer must be
right in front of us.
I know! Maybe the Nagus
has gone insane.
Nonsense, the Nagus is the
most brilliant Ferengi alive.
I've modeled my life
after him.
hear you speak that way
Don't ever let me
about him again.
But what if he really
believes all this?
How can he believe
this insanity?
No, it has to be
part of some
brilliant, twisted,
devious plan.
like you and me, Rom.
The Nagus isn't
sometimes 20 steps ahead.
He thinks ten,
These Rules are
probably the key component
in some vast plot to seize
financial control
of the entire
Quadrant.
So what do we do?
The only thing
we can do.
We put down this book...
and we walk away.
And when the Nagus
feels ready,
he'll inform us
of his plans.
But until then,
we have to act
as if we
know nothing.
I can do that.
If never keep profit,
a good smile, honesty.
Nah.
ZEK:
Quark, my boy!
everyone a drink?
What say we buy
Put it on my tab.
But why?
Because it will make
everyone happy.
make me happy.
And that will
part of his plan.
It must all be
Wheels within wheels,
Brother.
Drinks
for everyone.
Compliments of
the Grand Nagus.
( cheering )
Is there anything else
I can get you, Nagus?
We just got in
a shipment
of quality Hupyrian
beetle snuff.
Actually, I've lost my taste
for beetle snuff.
It might be fun for you and me,
but it's no fun for the beetles.
Oh, and by the way, Quark,
I just met the most lovely
young female.
She came by your quarters
looking for you.
Was her name Emi,
by any chance?
She wanted me to tell you
has arrived with the latinum.
that her family's ship
Aha! It's about time!
Rom, watch the bar.
We're finally going to get
rid of those stem bolts.
I don't think so.
But we have a contract.
Which was never signed.
And frankly, Quark,
you were charging an outrageous
price for those stem bolts.
She didn't seem to think so.
once I explained it to her.
Well, she did
Well, I couldn't allow you
You what?
to take advantage of
an innocent young female
like that, Quark.
So I told her where she could
get all the stem bolts
she needed... at wholesale.
( gasping )
Wholesale?
He told her
where to get them
at wholesale.
What am I
going to do
with a hundred gross
of stem bolts?
My poor brother.
Oh, don't worry
about him.
Eventually, he'll sell
those stem bolts...
at a fair price.
A fair price?
Ah, I'm very confused.
That's
understandable.
It'll take some time to
get used to the new ways.
New ways...
Walk with me, Rom.
Your turn.
Ah, I don't know about this.
Would you rather play
a game of racquetball?
Chief, since Keiko's
been on Bajor,
we've played 106 games
of racquetball.
Right. So throw a dart.
I'm a bit rusty.
So am I.
I guess
the smart money's
on Wade or P'Trell.
That seems to be
the general consensus.
I mean... Doctor Wade
is very popular,
but P'Trell is doing
some amazing work
in gerontological research.
Which one do you
think will win?
Either of them would be a worthy
recipient of the Carrington.
Oh. Of course,
if I had my druthers,
the award
would go to you.
Thank you.
But let's face it.
You don't stand a chance.
You don't say.
I mean, I know
you're talented...
but I bet there's
doctors all over
the Federation
saying, "Julian Bashir,
who the hell is he?"
Chief, you are
absolutely right.
I'm glad you agree.
So...
how much longer
is Keiko
going to be
on Bajor?
Make sure the relief
shipment is sent
by high-warp courier.
And don't worry
about the cost.
( sharp sigh )
Rom, what's all this?
You're looking at
the Sector Headquarters
for the Ferengi
Benevolent Association.
Brother, I don't have
time to talk to you.
I have work to do.
Administrator of the Ferengi
Benevolent Association.
I'm the new Senior
You know, Brother,
I never realized how
many people there are
that could
use a little help.
If you don't get
down to the bar right now,
you're the one going
to need a little help.
you'd react like this.
The Nagus said
The Nagus is a smart man.
Oh, he's more than that.
He's a visionary.
He has plans, Brother.
And I'm going to be
a part of them.
What would the Nagus
possibly want with you?
Oh, he says I'm malleable.
And that he's
going to mold me
into a new kind
of Ferengi--
an evolved Ferengi.
"Evolved"? Into what?
I'm not sure, exactly.
But the Nagus says
that the answers lie
in his new Rules
of Acquisition.
He told me, "Rom,
it's time for the Ferengi
to move beyond greed."
Beyond greed?!
There's nothing
beyond greed.
Greed is the purest,
most noble of emotions.
Greed is dead.
That's the Tenth
Rule of Acquisition.
No, it's not. The Tenth
Rule of Acquisition is
"greed is eternal."
Not anymore.
The Nagus is going to shake
the very foundation
of Ferengi society.
And we're going
to be at his side
every step of the way.
What do you mean, "we"?
The Nagus has made you
cochairman of the
Benevolent Association.
Your name will
figure prominently
on all our correspondence.
He never mentioned
anything about that to me.
The Nagus wouldn't dream
of excluding you, Brother.
As soon as we get
the Benevolent Association
established here,
the Nagus plans on returning
to the homeworld,
and we'll go with him.
Think of it.
You and I will be there
when Zek personally announces
the new Rules
of Acquisition
on the Grand Steps
of the Sacred Marketplace.
We'll be there,
all right.
And we'll probably be
right alongside of him
when they throw him
from the Spire
of the Tower of Commerce.
The Tower
of Commerce?
But... that's the
tallest building
in the Ferengi Alliance.
A fall from that height
could... could... could...
Exactly.
Don't you see, Rom?
There's something terribly
wrong with the Nagus.
And we have to help him...
before he gets us all killed.
That tickles!
Well, I must say,
for a Ferengi your age,
you're in
excellent health--
aside from some
vascular damage to
your mucus membranes.
You really should stop
using that beetle snuff.
As a matter of fact...
I already have.
I'm glad to hear it.
Does this mean you'll
have to go in for some
exploratory surgery?
Why would I do that?
To find out what's
wrong with him.
There's nothing
wrong with him, Quark.
That's not true.
There's something
deeply wrong with him
and you have to
find out what it is.
I've done every test
I can think of.
There's no trauma,
brain damage,
mental illness.
His central nervous
system's working within
normal parameters
and his endocrine system's
in terrific shape.
You see? I told you.
They're like a couple
of nervous investors,
always looking for trouble.
( laughs )
Oh, well, I suppose
I should be flattered.
You've been very helpful.
Thank you, Doctor.
No.
Uh-uh.
He's sick,
I tell you.
You have to perform
more tests.
Quark! If you don't
get out of here,
I'll perform more
tests on you.
You have to
do something.
( giggling )
Put him in stasis,
Like what?
keep him from hurting himself
until you can figure out
what is wrong with him.
I don't think
that's necessary.
I can't believe
you're supposed to be
one of the five best doctors
in the Federation.
If you ask me, you're a quack.
No wonder everyone says
you don't have a chance
to win the
Carrington.
Let's go.
Maybe we can make
an appointment
for you to see Doctor Wade.
BASHIR: Good luck.
If I remember correctly,
Nairobi is beautiful
this time of year.
Here, Doctor,
for your trouble.
I can't accept that.
Why not?
It's only money.
Donate it to charity
if you'd like.
And you say
he's not sick.
Oh, and, Doctor,
I do hope you'll attend
tomorrow night's ceremony.
At the Bajoran Shrine
on the Promenade.
Ceremony?
I intend to give a gift
to the Bajoran people.
A gift.
What kind of gift?
It's a surprise.
You'll find out tomorrow night,
like everyone else.
Come along, we have a lot
of work to do before then.
So many needy people...
so little time.
Aren't you done yet?
Breaking into the Nagus's
personal shuttle
I don't care.
somehow seems
wrong, Brother.
I have to know what he intends
to give the Bajorans.
But the Nagus wants
it to be a surprise.
I hate surprises.
Now hurry it up,
before someone...
( heavy footsteps )
( gasps )
Maihar'du.
As you can see,
my brother and I
were repairing the door locks
on the Nagus's...
( gasps )
( beeping )
This is the gift?
What is it?
It's one of the missing
Bajoran Orbs, Rom.
An Orb of the Prophets.
I tell you, this Orb
explains everything--
Zek's behavior,
the new Rules
the Ferengi Benevolent
Association, everything.
It does? How?
I'm not sure, but I'm
going to find out.
Don't just stand
there-- talk to me.
I know how you feel.
What are you doing?
I thought we should
look inside.
I mean, we don't
know for certain
that there's
an Orb in here.
Maybe Zek's just
giving them the box.
Don't be
ridiculous.
But how will we know
unless we look?
Rom, it's too dangerous.
Leave it alone.
I said leave it alone!
But, Brother!
Rom? Maihar'du?
Morn?
Anybody?
ZEK:
What's the
matter, Quark?
Spinning out of control, are we?
Grand Nagus?
Maybe...
maybe not.
( gasping )
Looking for answers?
You couldn't find them if they
were dangling from your lobes.
Where's that old Quark
cleverness I've heard
so much about?
so paralyzed with fear
Or are you
that you can't think straight?
Answer me, Quark.
What are you so nervous about?
Don't you think change
is worth dying for?
is a little leap of faith.
All I want
( gasping yells )
Nice catch.
That's the wonderful thing
about mysteries.
Sometimes the answers
just fall
from the sky.
What do you
have to lose?
Open it.
( applause )
Consider it a gift.
Yes. Yes.
Are you
all right?
A gift.
A gift?
Zek said the new Rules
were a gift.
A gift from Zek to
the Ferengi people.
No, a gift to Zek
from them.
Don't you see? They did it.
They put the idea for the
new Rules into Zek's head.
They changed him somehow.
They did?
How dare they?
Who are we talking
about, Brother?
that live inside the wormhole.
The Prophets, the aliens
They did this to him,
didn't they?
Tell me everything!
Easy, Brother.
You know Hupyrian servants
take a vow only to speak
to their masters.
( sobbing )
You're right.
Give him a handkerchief
or something.
I'm going to try
to break into Zek's
personal logs.
According to Zek's logs,
he obtained the Orb
from one of his contacts
on Cardassia III.
From there, he headed
straight for the wormhole.
His ship's log shows
that he entered the wormhole,
stayed inside
for only a few minutes,
then reversed course
and came here.
You think he went
in there to talk
to the Prophets?
In his personal logs,
Zek said...
that the future was looking
very bright indeed.
Don't you get it?
According to Dax,
the wormhole aliens
can see through time.
The Nagus must have thought
that he could convince them
to let him see the future.
That way,
he could anticipate
economic changes
throughout the galaxy.
The opportunity
for profit would
have been enormous.
But instead,
he created the new
Rules of Acquisition.
Why?
Something must have
gone terribly wrong.
But I intend
to set it right.
How, Brother?
I have an idea.
Does it
involve me?
Not really.
Ah. I like it.
May I join
you, Doctor?
By all means.
And what can
I do for you?
It's what I can
do for you.
I have a friend at
Starfleet Intelligence,
and she has a friend
who has a cousin
who's married
to the assistant of
one of the members
of the Federation
Medical Council.
Really?
And according
to my friend,
her friend
heard something
from his cousin
that his wife heard
from the council member
that I thought you might
find interesting.
Which is?
Dr. Wade is not going
to win the Carrington.
Oh, not you, too.
you'd be delighted.
Doctor, I thought
Even if that's true--
I'm not saying that it is--
and mind you,
the only one that has a reason
to celebrate is Ghee P'Trell.
Perhaps, but P'Trell is by no
means as popular as Dr. Wade.
According to your friend.
to my friend's friend's...
Actually, according
I get the picture.
The point is, if it's
not going to be Wade,
it could be anyone--
P'Trell, Senva,
Roget, even you.
I didn't think I was
going to win before,
and I don't think
I'm going to win now.
Is that a fact?
Then why have you
been working
on your
acceptance speech?
How did you know?
Just a guess.
( sighs )
realized solar flares
My goodness, I never
ZEK:
to a planet's agriculture.
could be so devastating
at current market rates,
Now, let me see,
2,000 tons of Kohlanese barley
would cost me a 189 bars
of gold-pressed latinum.
But it's worth it.
I can have the first
shipment of barley
on the way to you in the...
Hold on, I'll be right back.
How can I help you, boys?
( Zek humming )
Wait.
I have to be sure
that he's all right.
Grand Nagus,
can you hear me?
Are you okay?
Don't worry, Quark,
I forgive you.
Do you hear that?
We have to help him.
( Zek continues humming )
a very brave thing
Brother, this is
you're doing--
taking the Nagus back
to the wormhole.
with you... but I can't.
I wish I could come
Good-bye.
( sniffling )
Go on, get out of here
before you have me
crying, too.
( stammering )
( Zek humming )
Everything's going to be okay.
Don't worry.
( sighs )
( humming continues )
You know, my boy, I should be
very angry with you.
Are you?
Ah, not in the slightest.
I can't help myself.
I like you!
Now, where have you taken me?
Into the wormhole.
( gasps )
What's going on?
exactly what happened
Huh. This is
the last time I was in here.
are delightful people,
The wormhole aliens
but they like
their privacy.
So you did meet them.
How did you make contact?
the Orb of Wisdom with you.
Well, I see you've brought
That should do the trick.
Now, if you really want
to get their attention,
open the box.
That's what I did.
Sounds simple enough.
( yells )
You better hurry.
I got the dampening field
on this ship
for a substantial discount.
( heartbeat )
Hello?
Is anyone there?
It is corporeal.
Doctor, what are you
doing in here?
A physical entity.
Not another one.
I get it.
You're the wormhole aliens.
Or would you rather be
called the Prophets?
I never could figure
that one out.
Did the Sisko send you?
What?
Sisko?
What does he have to do
with anything?
about corporeal life-forms.
The Sisko taught us
About linguistic communication.
And linear time.
I know all about it.
He's quite a guy,
but I'm not here
to talk about Sisko.
Then why are you here?
I'm here to talk
about the Nagus.
The Nagus?
The other Ferengi
who visited you.
The one who brought the Orb.
We are aware of the Zek.
He came to see you
to ask for help.
He wanted to learn
about the future.
the outcome of the game
The Zek wanted to know
before it was played.
That's right.
So what went wrong?
At first, we did not understand
the Zek's request.
The Sisko said
that corporeal beings
value their
linear existence.
to understand events
The Zek wanted
outside the restrictions
of linear time.
He wanted to see the future
so he could gain by it.
Yes, the Zek explained
the value of gain--
how more is
preferable to less.
He taught you
about profit.
We found the concept...
aggressive.
Adversarial.
EMI: Dangerous.
We could not comprehend
how any species could lead
such a barren existence.
MAIHAR'DU: We don't agree.
It has its advantages.
We found the Zek's adversarial
nature invasive, threatening.
your species' history.
We examined
The totality of your existence.
We discovered that you have not
always been as you are now.
We haven't?
There was a time
when your people's
acquiring nature
was not so pronounced.
Wait a second.
somehow de-evolved the Nagus?
Are you telling me that you
We have restored
the Zek to an earlier,
less adversarial
state of existence.
You can't do that.
leader of billions of Ferengi.
The Nagus is the financial
I demand that you re-evolve
him immediately.
This one is adversarial, too.
Aggressive.
Intrusive.
We should do to this one
what we did with the other:
Restore it
to a purer existence.
adversarial nature.
Counteract its
Wait, let's not be hasty.
There's nothing wrong
with acquiring profit.
That is what
the Zek said.
And he was right.
how you people live,
Look, I don't know
but all of us corporeal,
linear whatevers
have certain things in common.
And one of those things is...
the need to improve ourselves.
to improve ourselves
Our ambition
motivates everything we do.
Without ambition, without--
dare I say it?-- greed
people would lie around
all day doing nothing.
They wouldn't work.
They wouldn't bathe.
They wouldn't even eat.
They'd starve to death.
Is that what you want?
Are you so isolated
and detached
that you would sit back
and allow the extinction
of every corporeal being
in the galaxy?
Your argument is specious.
Changing you will not result
in the termination
of all corporeal existence.
All right.
So maybe I exaggerated
a little.
We should alter this one
and return it to
its own species.
Agreed. it is best to avoid
contact with this species.
Wait. If you don't want
to have any more contact
that's fine with me,
with the Ferengi,
you won't be avoiding contact,
but by altering me,
you'll be encouraging it.
My people are very inquisitive,
and if you change me,
they're going to want to know
what happened
to come here to find out,
and they're going
just as I came to find out
what happened to Zek.
That is linear.
And potentially
very annoying to you.
But, on the other hand,
if you leave me alone
the way he was when you met him,
and you put the Nagus back
you'll never have to talk
I guarantee you,
with another Ferengi again.
So what do you say?
Linguistic communication
is tiresome.
My point exactly.
you should send me ba...
Which is why I think
ZEK:
Quark.
Quark!
Quark...
are you all right?
I think so.
What about you?
Oh, stop toadying up to me,
Quark, it's revolting.
Just get me out of here.
I have an Orb to sell
to the Bajorans.
Did you say "sell"?
I'm going to make them
pay through the nose.
( laughs )
where is my beetle snuff?
Speaking of nose,
Oh, Nagus, you're back.
I'm so happy.
You're wrinkling
my suit.
Whatever you say.
And now, it is with great pride
that I present the nominees
Carrington Award.
for this year's
They are Dr. April Wade,
Senva of Vulcan,
Chirurgeon Ghee P'Trell,
Dr. Henri Roget,
and Dr. Julian Bashir.
Good luck.
The winner is...
Doctor...
Henri Roget.
Roget.
How could they
give it to Roget?
Better luck
next time.
Maybe... in
40 or 50 years.
Julian.
Sorry.
You seem to be
handling this well.
Believe me...
I'm not.
I didn't think so.
( sneezing )
Now, remember what
I said, Quark.
If anyone asks, you have
no idea what happened
to the charity money.
You can count on me.
destroyed every last copy
And you're sure you've
of The Revised Rules
of Acquisition?
The only place
the new Rules exist
is inside my head.
Eh?
Uh...
don't worry.
Within a week,
he'll have
forgotten them all.
He'd better.
( sneezes )
I don't believe it,
Brother.
After all you did
for the Nagus, he never
even thanked you.
He doesn't have to thank
me-- he's the Nagus.
There's only one thing
that bothers me.
Don't get me wrong.
I was honored
to help the Nagus.
But it would have been
nice if I'd been able
to make a little profit
for all my troubles.
That's all right.
I made enough profit
for the both of us.
What are you
talking about?
I'm talking about the Ferengi
Benevolent Association.
Did you know it was funded
with Zek's personal fortune?
I was the Senior
Administrator, Brother.
You embezzled money?
From the Nagus?
Surprise.
Father would be proud.
( Quark laughing )
( both laughing )